chairman oda spike made it clear he
doesn't like the proposed compromise
that would give President Ford
discretionary powers to withhold from
the committee key pieces of information
the committee's council was even more
blunt about it if I took this language
right now I would have to say in all
candor that if we were to accept this it
would completely shut down this
investigation Pike wanted the committee
to approve a resolution asking the full
house to direct the Ford administration
to hand over subpoenaed secret
information on intelligence agencies but
there was no consensus among the
committee members this is the step
toward confrontation and I don't think
that's the step we want to take today be
left to the judgment of the house mr.
McClory as to whether or not they see
you all know we've already received our
charge it seems to me we should go ahead
and fulfill the charge that we have well
I don't want to carry this back to them
as a matter of fact this would have to
go first I think to the Rules Committee
and then it would have to go to the
floor under a rule why do we want to
carry our debate out there let's let's
get on to the business of getting the
material carrying on the investigation
and conclude our work that's what I want
to do the bickering broke down along
party lines the Democrats favored the
tough language of the resolution but the
Republicans asked for more time to work
on a compromise with the President as if
on cue of packet of documents all
apparently unclassified were handed to
congressman McLaury and McLaury said he
has indication more material will follow
if the committee doesn't push the issue
to a confrontation the committee then
went into executive session without
voting on the resolution this is Joe
mooring on Capitol Hill